Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? Well, as you can see, I'm overcoming a little bit, but I feel a lot better than I did last night.
I did the video last night and I had to do it over today because it was so bad.
I told the Lord, "I need to redo that."I have a warning from the Lord to warn you all about something that he showed me in the spirit—a very serious thing.
He showed me about the elections and showed me that there were key states of corruption that will have corruption.
He talked to me about the House of Representatives, the Senate, and the presidency, but he was focused in my prayers about the Senate and how important it will be for us to win the Senate.
He showed that we would take the House by majority. I'm not real educated when it comes to politics and stuff, what that means, but I'm just telling you the words that he used.
He said, "You will have the House by majority, and you will have the presidency, but the battle in the spirit realm, my son, is the Senate."For this is a two-seat gap; there's a two-seat victory that you're after. There are two seats in limbo, basically.
He was talking to me about Nevada and Arizona, and he said, "You must pray for Ted Cruz."There's an attack trying to take him out of his position, and the Lord said, "You must intercede for Ted Cruz."Then he showed me Pennsylvania.
I know what I'm saying is more than two seats, but I'm just telling you exactly what the Lord said.
I'm not taking away any and I'm not adding to it. So the math on it doesn't make sense, but it does because it's what he said.
He said to pray over Texas, for there will try to be a Blue Wave of corruption in Texas.
Not that it would be a Blue Wave for them, but it's about Texas, and he was talking about something that hasn't happened in a long time or hasn't happened at all.
There is something very serious about Texas with Ted Cruz. Number two was we have to pray for Pennsylvania.
The Lord said this is a key too; we have to have Pennsylvania.
Then he said that these other two states, which were Nevada and Arizona, were also in jeopardy.
I saw blue lines going through them and red lines, and it was trying to flip either way. That means there were very close races.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, this is very close races, very close."There were red lines and blue lines, which means it was divided.
In these states, there were blue lines, but in Texas, it was trying to turn completely blue.
It was a bold blue, and the Lord said, "You must intercede for Ted."Then I saw in the spirit Pennsylvania, and it was trying to turn blue.
It was bold blue, not divided, but it was going to try to turn blue.
The Lord said, "You must pray for this."I don't know why he didn't say to pray for any others, but these are the ones he said there would be some corruptions that you have to come against.
Then I was shown Hispanic women in a room. I have to be very careful for the safety of my family, but I'll use keywords with what I was shown.
I hope you are in tune enough to understand what I'm about to say without putting this live with hundreds of thousands of people.
I heard the word "asylum"—promises of asylum for doing a certain task.
Lots of people that were coming over the border were promised a certain thing if they were to do something to help them.
I saw white tables and Hispanic women behind these tables. You can just think about what they're doing.
I saw these white tables with metal chairs, and I saw many Hispanic women behind these tables.
I saw a metal building, like a container building, and there were pods with people inside of them.
I was told the word "asylum."I'm not going to say what they were doing, but I will tell you: you must pray against corruption.
Because of asylum, I heard, "We have to cover the evidence; loose lips sink ships."The people disappeared; they were dealt with.
They were lied to and deceived. We deal with a very evil enemy and a very evil government.
We deal with people that have no conscience for life; they don't care. People are very power-hungry.
When you see people that are desperate, desperate people do immoral and ungodly things.
We must pray for this assignment. He said the enemy's plan is already afoot.
He said, "Brandon, you must pray, for this is a war in the spirit realm, a war in the heavenlies."It is a very serious time, for you must have all branches of the government—the legislature, Senate, House, and presidency—for what I have planned for this nation to turn things around.
He said it will be delayed if you do not. There is a battle to be won, and you are to bring forth prayer because with much prayer and intercession, my angels are working on your behalf.
This is a strategic plan from the Father. He said, "Call my troops together, my body, and call them to intercede."In your intercession for America, you will turn things.
He said, "As what I position you to do on this platform, I am calling you to do this much more."It's not just going to be for 30 days, for we have much work to do.
He said, "You will pray continually even after the 30 days until I release you from this."I thought it was a 30-day assignment, but the Commander-in-Chief of all things, my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, has told me that my job is to pray with you for an extended period of time.
I'll do my best to do it every single day. I'm telling you that it will be as much as I can possibly handle.
There is a very stern warning and an urgency. It is not time to "play church"anymore. It is time to come up higher with the fire.
If you're going to church just to get a seeker-friendly message and you're not getting fed, you need to find a church that will teach you the word of God and teach you how to be strong.
Many of you tell me, "Brother Brandon, I'm not getting fed where I'm at."Then I would say shop around by the Holy Spirit.
It is not a time to be lukewarm and shy away from being bold about what God has us to do.
We have got to become stronger in our faith and be on fire. When I went to these meetings, I became spoiled.
When you are underneath the glory like I was, we felt the presence of the Lord.
You're hungry; it stirs you up to the point that you want more.
To me, there's nothing more in this world that I want—not fame, not money, not popularity. I want Jesus.
Whenever I have a visitation like I've had the last couple weeks from Nancy Dufresne having healing ministries, Billy Burke, Billye Brim, and all the things that we've been under, you talk about your flame.
If you're in a place of drought spiritually, all you have to do is step in the river. God didn't make it hard for us to get on fire for him.
But you can't just sit on your couch and watch Friends and go, "Well, I'm going to grow up and do something eventually."You've got to put yourself in a position of feeding yourself spiritually and fanning that flame on a continual basis.
I refuse to go back to where I was even two or three weeks ago. Diana and I both said this: we are done with those days.
We are ready and pressing on. I'm going to do whatever it takes.
If I have to travel across the country to find the meetings to fan my flame, I will.
How desperate, how hungry are you? I want to be an inferno for Jesus.
I want to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, to see a move of God in the service where we see signs and wonders that follow them that believe—people getting saved and baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire.
My job is to tell you Jesus Christ is coming. My job is to warn you that the Father is coming and to lead salvation.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you're going to go to hell. Jesus is wonderful.
It's time to come up higher, stopping our stupid little theology differences and coming up higher with the fire so that we are one as the body of Christ.
We may not agree on everything, but as long as we're trying for the same thing and our mission is to get people saved and baptized in the Holy Ghost, teaching them how to become stronger in the Lord, that's what the whole mission should be.
We don't have to agree on tithing. I believe in giving the way I give, and there's fruit behind what I say.
I'm blessed, and the Lord has blessed me. What I do is working, so I'm going to keep doing it.
God is a faithful God. It's taken years of sowing and giving into right soil.
The Bible says there is some 30, some 60, and some 100-fold ground.
You have to find out for yourself where that 100-fold ground is.
I test the ground, and if I don't see fruit, I don't give there as much. Be directed by the Lord in your giving.
I give where I'm getting fed, and I bless the ministries that are feeding me spiritually.
It takes money to get the gospel out. It takes money for TV time and jet fuel.
They may have a private jet, but they're able to go even more than what a pastor is because he's always there with the "stinky sheep."These ministers and evangelists are out ministering throughout the world.
If I could give the shirt off my back to Billy Burke—the Holy Spirit inside of him changed my life.
If you're a minister of the gospel, I'm going to bless your socks off if you take the time to tell me I can make it in the midst of a storm.
God has blessed me abundantly above all I could ask or think. It's what the Lord has directed us to do.
My wife and I are in agreement, and when you have agreement in your house, there's peace.
Some ground doesn't even produce. You'll sew into it and see thorns and thistles.
You've got to find Miracle-Gro ground that grows a good harvest.
I don't have time in the natural to waste my time sowing into bad ground.
I have to have 100-fold. I'm into the overflow and abundance to the extreme.
Instead of getting mad, check your ground. The Holy Spirit will tell you.
I'm going to pray now for this Senate thing and for the House. There's a mighty army here.
I started looking at what 35,000 people looked like in a stadium, and folks, that's a lot of people praying.
On average, 25,000 to 35,000 people are praying. One of us can put a thousand to flight, and two of us can put 10,000 to flight.
The Lord said, "Make much of prayer on this channel, for there's work to be done.
You will not see what you're looking for in the natural until it's birthed in the supernatural."Let's take communion.
Prayer is not a menial thing. It's a relationship with the Father.
Father, we thank you for my continued healing. No virus comes nigh us.
Thank you that we're healed and whole and well by your stripes.
You are Jehovah Jireh, the one who will provide in every area of our life.
If they're getting souls saved, it's good ground. We pray peace over Jerusalem today. We pray peace over Israel and over this war in Palestine.
For the Palestinians, the children, and the innocent bystanders, I call forth peace and safety over them.
You are our protector, provider, and healer. We take this body right now.
This is the meal that heals. Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood over our sins and for protection. If you make much of the blood, the blood will make much of you.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
I apply the blood over my house, my car, and my children. I rebuke the devourer for my sake.
Financial outcome is overflow in Jesus'name. It's time to come up even higher in giving and in receiving.
We come against this spirit trying to come against our elections.
Corruption will be uncovered. We thank you that we will win by the landslide that you showed me.
We come against the spirit of darkness and the spirit of Antichrist.
We cover Donald Trump in the blood. We cover his vice president ahead of time.
We thank you for the cabinet that he's going to set in motion.
We speak to every single one; they will be Godly picks in Jesus'name. They would be people of character and soundness.
We thank you that Kamala Harris will go on back to San Francisco where she came from.
We pray over Joe Biden that they would come to know you and have a revelation knowledge of Jesus Christ.
Their time is done of all the destruction they've done to this nation.
We move the corruption from America and from Justin Trudeau in Canada.
There will be a revival in Canada, America, and Mexico. We thank you that the governments are becoming more Godly.
We believe we receive what you have for us as a nation. Make America Godly again.
People would rise up and vote the Bible. Preachers would preach repentance.
I thank you for exposing the darkness. Authority is not yelling; authority can be a whisper.
I bind you in the name of Jesus and command you to get on out of here.
Wayward people are coming home. We call healing over bodies.
My sheep will hear my voice. I hear my Father; he speaks to me.
We consider it done in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen. Thank you for joining me today.
Remember, Jesus is a healer. He loves you and has a plan for your life. Have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.